[Applause]
today is very as a notable date in
history fifty years ago today about
seven miles west of us which way is west
that way
the very first internet message was sent
on October 29th 1969 Leonard Kleinrock a
professor of computer science at UCLA
and his graduate student wanted to send
a transmission from a computer at UCLA
to computer at Stanford through
something called ARPANET which was the
precursor to what we now know as the
Internet and in 96 98 took a computer
the size of a room to tell you which
golden girl you are so but the actual
message they said was interesting they
wrote L oh and then the system crashed
partway through it got caught off for
real the full message of trying to send
was supposed to be L o K at this picture
of my PE and I asked we made that up we
actually try to send the word log in but
now 50 years later our president is
using that very technology on a daily
basis with gems like this today he
tweeted nervous snazzy Pelosi is doing
everything possible to destroy the
Republican Party our polls show that
it's going to be just the opposite is
that the new Eddie Murphy movie up today
yesterday at the White House even with
all the man this happening the annual
Halloween celebration went on families
and local parents brought their kids to
trick-or-treat the president first lady
where they're handing out candy and if
you have a what kind of music do you
play when you have a bunch of little
kids coming over
that's right Michael Jackson I guess
maybe they don't get HBO at the White
House I don't know but the kids got
candy songs the rare opportunity Rudy
Guiliani fight to head off a pigeon it
really was a wonderful day Trump and
Melania hung in for about an hour
yesterday and you can see some of the
kids just kind of skip right by the
president they were handing out bars of
commemorative White House chocolate he's
like hey how about me over here really
kind of sad now this is what you're
about to see here this is people just
walking by that's one of the minions who
doesn't work for him and watch the Trump
just puts that right yeah just just
stick the candy on his head that was the
tree part and then the tricks kicked in
and to his credit the president took it
all pretty well the oh I don't know some
of these kids I guess maybe their
parents are journalists but let's just
say the level of respect for the office
of the presidency is not what he used to
be okay this is shaping up to be
tough week for president quid pro
comb-over on Thursday the house will
vote to formalize the impeachment
process for the past two weeks Democrats
have been meticulous in gathering the
evidence they'll need to show us that
Trump did what everybody already knows
he definitely did today Congress heard
from Trump's top ukraine expert a guy
from the national security council
lieutenant colonel Alexander vind Minh
gave testimony and he's an especially
pertinent witness because he was
listening in on that Paul the president
made with the president of Ukraine he
did not like what he heard and relayed
those concerns to his superiors and so
of course Trump lashed out at the
lieutenant colonel he wrote why are
people that I never even heard of
testifying about the call just read the
call transcript and the impeachment hoax
is over Ukraine spelled wrong said no
pressure you could always tell the
impeachment is going strong when he
breaks the all-caps button on his phone
but he keeps insisting this is a perfect
call he did nothing wrong this morning
alone he tweeted four times the people
should read the transcript yep we read
the transcript this is why you're
getting impeached right now him saying
read the transcript is like Bill Clinton
saying look at the spot on this dress I
mean it's
you read the transcript because if I
read that I were him telling people to
read it would not be my approach I'd be
like don't read the transcript go
outside and play it's a beautiful day go
throw a ball around with your kids and
maybe the most disgusting thing going on
today is the president and his
sycophants are questioning the
patriotism and loyalty of an American
combat veteran Alexandrov Inman this guy
served multiple tours of duty including
a combat tour in Iraq where he was
awarded the Purple Heart he got injured
by a roadside bomb so of course the
first question for these Republicans is
how do we destroy this man
the Patriots over at Fox News found it
very suspicious that our top ukraine
expert is from ukraine and it is
suspicious when you learn someone in the
trump administration has actual
expertise in his field and by the way
that they keep saying he's from ukraine
his family emigrated here when he was 3
years old
this is him and with his twin brother
just after they left somehow the
Ukrainians managed to indoctrinate a
toddler to use our potties and do their
bidding to one day bring down the
President of the United States and it's
really we did
and I get us I don't know I guess it all
comes down to who do you believe the guy
with the purple heart or the guy with
the orange face more government
officials are scheduled to testify
tomorrow meanwhile the president's
lawyer Rudy Giuliani is complaining that
Trump isn't getting enough credit for
killing the leader of Isis he wrote
contrast the reaction to the killing a
bit Ben Laden great a man whose did we
get the wrong guy I mean Giuliani a man
who based his entire career on the
events of 9/11 not know how to spell bin
Laden it's he's the one who said never
forget
I guess he forgot hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel an
evil wizard has trapped me inside this
YouTube video click subscribe to help me
escape